do you want to know why it takes so long
for people to see results from their rco
well there are two main reasons the
first is it just takes times for things
to kick in and algorithms to adjust you
can't really control that that's just
Google right you can't really speed that
up time is time they're going to do
their thing when they do their thing but
as long as you do your thing it'll help
you get results when you should be
getting results but there's another
reason why it takes people a long time
to get results and this one is more in
your control it's that it takes time to
implement those SEO changes and most
companies move really slow to make
changes on their site and the longer it
takes you to implement the changes the
longer it'll take for you to see results
so today I want to break down seven tips
that are easy to implement tip number
one everyone has SEO erors it's natural
because as you adjust your existing
Pages or even add new ones it can always
create more errors so I want you to head
to Neil
/ub type in your URL in the left hand
navigation click on dashboard and then
click on add your first project follow
the Steps step by step what you'll find
is Uber ceds will monitor your site look
at the keywords you want to rank for
look at all the SEO errors you have in
your website but here's the thing that
Uber says does that I love what it does
is it breaks the errors down from top to
bottom what will have the biggest impact
and what's the easiest to implement so
you want to fix the easy ones first
because they're at the top and they'll
also have a bigger impact on your
rankings and that way you'll get better
results in a shorter period of time tip
number two speaking of uber say it's
also a tool that I added to my own
website Neil patel.com and I want you to
do something similar it's so popular
that it's generated over 24,000
backlinks that's a lot that's a lot of
extra links that I'm adding to neil.com
and it was so effective I also bought
answer the public and I'm going to
integrate that into our portfolio over
the upand coming months links are a
popular currency the more people that
link to you the generally the higher you
will rank so how do you get tons of
links when you don't have time and
effort to create a custom tool like uber
say because when you give away tools for
free people love them so much especially
when they're used to paying for them
that they just link to you well here's a
little secret you don't have to create a
tool like that you can actually just go
to site say code Canyon and for $20 you
can buy a tool and put it on your
website and white label it as your own
in essence you're adding a tool to your
site without literally any coding and it
builds links naturally as long as you
pick a good tool now it may not be as
good as ubber say but it'll still work
well tip number three use Google search
console it's a free tool from Google log
into it and add your website if you
already haven't done so in search
console I want you to look at your
traffic now within search console under
the performance report I want you to
click on date range then click on
compare tab then click on compare last
28 days year-over-year this will show
you what pages on your site are getting
more traffic and which ones are getting
less for the pages that are getting less
modify them look at what terms have
dropped in rankings and search for them
on Google look at what the competition
is doing differently than you what are
they doing that's better than you adjust
your page to make it better than theirs
and that'll help your rankings and your
traffic go back up
tip number four delete irrelevant pages
that no one cares for anymore see over
time some of the content on your say
well just get old and irrelevant I'm not
talking about outdated I just mean
straight up Irrelevant for example I
used to have content my say around
Myspace these days no one cares about
myspace it's a dead social network heck
most people have forgotten about it
easiest solution delete those pages and
301 redirect them to the most relevant
pages that are on your website
this will help you keep your site clean
and strong from an SEO standpoint now
keep in mind if there's any other
existing pages on your site that were
linking to those old pages that you
deleted that were Irrelevant make sure
you delete those links or change them up
tip number five write on exploding
topics one of the best ways to get
traffic is to write on topics that are
just about to get super popular but
aren't that competitive yet there's a
tool called exploding topics it shows
you what you should consider going after
and I want you to start writing content
on that you can get value from that tool
for free and if you pay you get access
to more upand cominging topics that you
can write content around now keep in
mind that content shouldn't just be
around whatever is popular it should be
around what's popular that's related to
your industry and what's related to your
website tip number six now this is an
easy one but it costs money have you
noticed there are a lot of blogs out
there there pretty much blogs on
everything well a simple strategy that
will get you immediate results is so
look for a Blog in your space this
shouldn't be hard as there's over a
million blogs look for one that's
ranking great in your space and has
traffic and you can put their URLs into
ubber say to see what their traffic is
and what you'll want to do for that blog
that ranks well and has tons of amazing
content and ideally you want to find one
that doesn't monetize through ads or any
form but just has more so great content
you want to take that blog hit up the
site owner you can usually find their
email on their contact page or through
tools like 100.io and ask them if they
want to sell it most people ignore you
some will say yes if you find some at
reasonable prices buy them merge it into
your website including their content and
make sure you do the 301 redirect to the
appropriate URL and once you do that
it's simple you'll start generating more
traffic tip number seven merge content
on similar pages I learned this strategy
the hard way when your site gets old a
lot of times you have Pags on the same
topic for example I may have two blog
posts on the topic of SEO for beginners
now this confuses search engines as they
don't know which one to rank so what do
you do you merge the pages together you
take the one that gets less traffic
based on Google analytics data and then
you take the content from the less
popular one and combine it into the more
popular one then you take the URL with
less traffic and forward it using a 301
redirect to the more popular page this
help solves confusion for the search
engines and in the end you'll get more
search traffic over time now if you need
help implementing any of these tips
check out my Ad Agency NP digital where
we can just do all this for you plus
more or if you have any questions leave
a comment below I'm here to help if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching